README.md, before:

# Digital Electronics Systems

*Realization Date: May/2021*

This repository consists of the 3 final projects developed in Electronic Systems Design, which were the most complete projects throughout the course, mainly the project [M06-Frogger](/ProjectDesign-M06-Frogger/Enunciado-DESIGNPROBLEM-2101-M06.pdf).

In the folder of each project the project statement is found, along with the main folder where the project is developed; additionally, in projects M06 and M07 a folder `/FinalResults` is included where the most relevant results of the project are, such as videos or documentation.

## M06-Frogger

Members:

- Mateo Ortegon Chacón
- Alejandro Pasachoa Aranguren
- Tony Santiago Montes

In the project [M06-Frogger](/ProjectDesign-M06-Frogger/Enunciado-DESIGNPROBLEM-2101-M06.pdf) a Frogger game was developed, in which the Verilog programming language was used, which is a hardware description language (HDL - Hardware Description Language), and the Xilinx ISE FPGA simulation software was used; Quartus Prime Lite Edition was used as IDE.

## M07-Fibonacci

In the project [M07-Fibonacci](/ProjectDesign-M07-Fibonacci/Enunciado-DESIGNPROBLEM-2101-M07.pdf) a program was developed in Verilog (HDL) that has a state machine through which the Fibonacci series in binary is calculated.

Inside the folder [uDataPath-html](/ProjectDesign-M07-Fibonacci/uDataPath-html/index.html) there are examples of Black Box diagrams used in the course, useful for this project.

## M08-Arduino

In the project [M08-Arduino](/ProjectDesign-M08-Arduino/Enunciado-DESIGNPROBLEM-2101-M08.pdf) an Arduino program was developed that seeks to simulate the concurrent operation of Hardware languages for an example case of the first level of the game "Road Fighter", also using a state machine, but this time in Arduino which is a Software language.


# Sistemas Electrónicos Digitales

*Fecha de realización: Mayo/2021*

Este repositorio consta de los 3 proyectos finales desarrollados en Sistemas Electrónicos Digitales, que fueron los proyectos más completos a lo largo del curso, principalmente el proyecto [M06-Frogger](/ProjectDesign-M06-Frogger/Enunciado-DESIGNPROBLEM-2101-M06.pdf).

En la carpeta de cada proyecto se encuentra el enunciado del proyecto, junto con la carpeta principal en donde se desarrolla el proyecto; adicionalmente, en los proyectos M06 y M07 se incluye una carpeta `/FinalResults` en donde están los resultados más relevantes del proyecto, como videos o documentación.

## M06-Frogger

Integrantes:

- Mateo Ortegon Chacón
- Alejandro Pasachoa Aranguren
- Tony Santiago Montes

En el proyecto [M06-Frogger](/ProjectDesign-M06-Frogger/Enunciado-DESIGNPROBLEM-2101-M06.pdf) se desarrolló un juego de Frogger, en el cual se utilizó el lenguaje de programación Verilog, el cual es un lenguaje de descripción de hardware (HDL - Hardware Description Language), y se utilizó el software de simulación de FPGA Xilinx ISE; como IDE se utilizó Quartus Prime Lite Edition.

## M07-Fibonacci

En el proyecto [M07-Fibonacci](/ProjectDesign-M07-Fibonacci/Enunciado-DESIGNPROBLEM-2101-M07.pdf) se desarrolló un programa en Verilog (HDL) que tiene una máquina de estados mediante la cual va calculando la serie de Fibonacci en binario.

Dentro de la carpeta [uDataPath-html](/ProjectDesign-M07-Fibonacci/uDataPath-html/index.html) se encuentran ejemplos de diagramas Black Box utilizados en el curso, útiles para este proyecto.

## M08-Arduino

En el proyecto [M08-Arduino](/ProjectDesign-M08-Arduino/Enunciado-DESIGNPROBLEM-2101-M08.pdf) se desarrolló un programa en Arduino que busca simular el funcionamiento concurrente de los lenguajes de Hardware para un caso de ejemplo del primer nivel del juego "Road Fighter", también utilizando una máquina de estados, pero esta vez en Arduino que es un lenguaje de Software.

Commit message:

Update README.md -> Add video

README.md, after:

# Digital Electronics Systems

*Realization Date: May/2021*

This repository consists of the 3 final projects developed in Electronic Systems Design, which were the most complete projects throughout the course, mainly the project [M06-Frogger](/ProjectDesign-M06-Frogger/Enunciado-DESIGNPROBLEM-2101-M06.pdf).

In the folder of each project the project statement is found, along with the main folder where the project is developed; additionally, in projects M06 and M07 a folder `/FinalResults` is included where the most relevant results of the project are, such as videos or documentation.

## M06-Frogger

Members:

- Mateo Ortegon Chacón
- Alejandro Pasachoa Aranguren
- Tony Santiago Montes

In the project [M06-Frogger](/ProjectDesign-M06-Frogger/Enunciado-DESIGNPROBLEM-2101-M06.pdf) a Frogger game was developed, in which the Verilog programming language was used, which is a hardware description language (HDL - Hardware Description Language), and the Xilinx ISE FPGA simulation software was used; Quartus Prime Lite Edition was used as IDE.

A video of the game can be seen [here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bemeV4KzBMI).

## M07-Fibonacci

In the project [M07-Fibonacci](/ProjectDesign-M07-Fibonacci/Enunciado-DESIGNPROBLEM-2101-M07.pdf) a program was developed in Verilog (HDL) that has a state machine through which the Fibonacci series in binary is calculated.

Inside the folder [uDataPath-html](/ProjectDesign-M07-Fibonacci/uDataPath-html/index.html) there are examples of Black Box diagrams used in the course, useful for this project.

## M08-Arduino

In the project [M08-Arduino](/ProjectDesign-M08-Arduino/Enunciado-DESIGNPROBLEM-2101-M08.pdf) an Arduino program was developed that seeks to simulate the concurrent operation of Hardware languages for an example case of the first level of the game "Road Fighter", also using a state machine, but this time in Arduino which is a Software language.


# Sistemas Electrónicos Digitales

*Fecha de realización: Mayo/2021*

Este repositorio consta de los 3 proyectos finales desarrollados en Sistemas Electrónicos Digitales, que fueron los proyectos más completos a lo largo del curso, principalmente el proyecto [M06-Frogger](/ProjectDesign-M06-Frogger/Enunciado-DESIGNPROBLEM-2101-M06.pdf).

En la carpeta de cada proyecto se encuentra el enunciado del proyecto, junto con la carpeta principal en donde se desarrolla el proyecto; adicionalmente, en los proyectos M06 y M07 se incluye una carpeta `/FinalResults` en donde están los resultados más relevantes del proyecto, como videos o documentación.

## M06-Frogger

Integrantes:

- Mateo Ortegon Chacón
- Alejandro Pasachoa Aranguren
- Tony Santiago Montes

En el proyecto [M06-Frogger](/ProjectDesign-M06-Frogger/Enunciado-DESIGNPROBLEM-2101-M06.pdf) se desarrolló un juego de Frogger, en el cual se utilizó el lenguaje de programación Verilog, el cual es un lenguaje de descripción de hardware (HDL - Hardware Description Language), y se utilizó el software de simulación de FPGA Xilinx ISE; como IDE se utilizó Quartus Prime Lite Edition.

Un video del juego funcionando se puede ver [aquí](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bemeV4KzBMI).

## M07-Fibonacci

En el proyecto [M07-Fibonacci](/ProjectDesign-M07-Fibonacci/Enunciado-DESIGNPROBLEM-2101-M07.pdf) se desarrolló un programa en Verilog (HDL) que tiene una máquina de estados mediante la cual va calculando la serie de Fibonacci en binario.

Dentro de la carpeta [uDataPath-html](/ProjectDesign-M07-Fibonacci/uDataPath-html/index.html) se encuentran ejemplos de diagramas Black Box utilizados en el curso, útiles para este proyecto.

## M08-Arduino

En el proyecto [M08-Arduino](/ProjectDesign-M08-Arduino/Enunciado-DESIGNPROBLEM-2101-M08.pdf) se desarrolló un programa en Arduino que busca simular el funcionamiento concurrente de los lenguajes de Hardware para un caso de ejemplo del primer nivel del juego "Road Fighter", también utilizando una máquina de estados, pero esta vez en Arduino que es un lenguaje de Software.
